## Overview C++ ex06

For this exercise you will create a program that checks if an inputted integer is a palindrome. 

# Panlindrome
A palindrome is a sequence of characters that reads the same forwards as it does backward. 

## Input
You will be provided a positive integer through standard input (use **cin**). This integer can be user-inputted or redirected from a file using input redirection. 

## Example
If  151 is inputted. Your program should output:
True

If 15 is inputted. Your program should output:
False

You should have a new line at the end of your input.

## Test your code
1. Compile the file with `make ex06` 
2. Run your executable with `./C++/ex06/ex06.exe`
3. Input 2 integers seperated by a space
4. To run a test case use `./C++/ex06/ex06.exe < testingFiles/C++/ex06/ex06.input1.txt`
    1. There are 3 different test cases for this problem 
    2. To run a different test case change what file is redirected
5. To compare your results with the correct results you will **either** need to push to your GitHub repository or run the tests locally
    1. using GitHub
        1. Run **`git add .`** to prepare **all** changes for commit
        2. Run **`git commit -m "commit message"`** to make changes permanent in the local repository
        3. Run **`git push`** to push your changes to your remote repository
        4. Look at results found in
            * the Actions window of GitHub
            * the GitHub Actions extension window for VSCode

### Running each input redirection
- Run `./C++/ex06/ex06.exe < testingFiles/C++/ex06/ex06.input1.txt > ./C++/ex06/ex06.output1.txt` to run the test and save its output to a `.txt` file.
- Compare results of the test to the actual results with `diff ./C++/ex06/ex06.output1.txt testingFiles/C++/ex06/CorrectOutput/ex06.correct.output1.txt`.
- If nothing is printed, it means your output is the same as the correct output.
- Repeat steps 1 and 2 with the different input files. Make sure to change the name.
