## Overview C++ ex03

For this exercise you will create a program that calculates the mean of inputted numbers.

## Input
You will be provided a list of **numbers** through standard input (use **cin**). These integers can be user-inputted or redirected from a file using input redirection. There will be a space or new line between input integers. 

## Example
If the numbers 5, 6, 7, 8 are inputted in that order. Your program should output. 

>6.50

Your answer should be rounded to 2 decimal digits (this is done for you). You should have a new line at the end of your input.

**YOU WILL NEED TO USE INPUT REDIRECTION**

## Test your code
1. Compile the file with `make ex03` 
2. Run your executable with `./C++/ex03/ex03.exe`
3. Input 2 integers seperated by a space
4. To run a test case use `./C++/ex03/ex03.exe < testingFiles/C++/ex03/ex03.input1.txt`
    1. There are 3 different test cases for this problem 
    2. To run a different test case change what file is redirected
5. To compare your results with the correct results you will **either** need to push to your GitHub repository or run the tests locally
    1. using GitHub
        1. Run **`git add .`** to prepare **all** changes for commit
        2. Run **`git commit -m "commit message"`** to make changes permanent in the local repository
        3. Run **`git push`** to push your changes to your remote repository
        4. Look at results found in
            * the Actions window of GitHub
            * the GitHub Actions extension window for VSCode

    1. run each input redirection
        1. run `./C++/ex03/ex03.exe < testingFiles/C++/ex03/ex03.input1.txt > ./C++/ex03/ex03.output1.txt` to run the test and save its output to a `.txt` file
        2. compare results of the test to the actual resutls with `diff ./C++/ex03/ex03.output1.txt testingFiles/C++/ex03/CorrectOutput/ex03.correct.output1.txt`
            1. **if nothing is printed, it means your output is the same as the correct output**
        3. repeat steps 1 and 2 with the different input files. Make sure to change the name of the files in the input and output redirection