## Overview C++ ex04

For this exercise you will create a program that calculates the power of a base.

## Input
You will be provided a 2 positive integers through standard input (use **cin**). These integers can be user-inputted or redirected from a file using input redirection. There will be a space or new line between input integers. 

## Example
If the numbes 5 and 2 are inputted in that order. Your program should output. 

25

You should have a new line at the end of your input.

## Test your code
1. Compile the file with `make ex04` 
2. Run your executable with `./C++/ex04/ex04.exe`
3. Input 2 integers seperated by a space
4. To run a test case use `./C++/ex04/ex04.exe < testingFiles/C++/ex04/ex04.input1.txt`
    1. There are XX different test cases for this problem 
    2. To run a different test case change what file is redirected
5. To compare your results with the correct results you will **either** need to push to your GitHub repository or run the tests locally
    1. using GitHub
        1. Run **`git add .`** to prepare **all** changes for commit
        2. Run **`git commit -m "commit message"`** to make changes permanent in the local repository
        3. Run **`git push`** to push your changes to your remote repository
        4. Look at results found in
            * the Actions window of GitHub
            * the GitHub Actions extension window for VSCode

### Running each input redirection
- Run `./C++/ex04/ex04.exe < testingFiles/C++/ex04/ex04.input1.txt > ./C++/ex04/ex04.output1.txt` to run the test and save its output to a `.txt` file.
- Compare results of the test to the actual results with `diff ./C++/ex04/ex04.output1.txt testingFiles/C++/ex04/CorrectOutput/ex04.correct.output1.txt`.
- If nothing is printed, it means your output is the same as the correct output.
- Repeat steps 1 and 2 with the different input files. Make sure to change the name.
